{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Presidents Day:\
George, William, John, Abe, and Millard have their birthdays on consecutive days, all between Monday and Friday.\
George\'92s birthday is as many days before Millard\'92s and William\'92s is after Abe\'92s.\
John is two days older than Abe.\
Millard\'92s birthday is on Thursday.\
Can you figure out whose birthday is on each day?\
\

\f1\b Teammate Group 6: Alec
\f0\b0 \
Logic Puzzle \
President\'92s Day\
We will first solve John\'92s birthday through stepwise elimination. Because John's birthday falls two days before Abe's (2nd parameter),  his birthday must be on a Mon Tue or Wed; John\'92s birthday being on Thurs or Fri would not allow for Abe to be two days older and still fall between M-F.  So we have Mon-Tue-Wed as possible for John. However, Tuesday is also impossible as John\'92s birthday day because we can\'92t fulfill the 2nd parameter and make Abe\'92s birthday 2 days later, because that Thursday is taken by Millard\'92s birthday (3rd parameter). This leaves us with Mon-Wed for John. John\'92s day cannot be Wednesday because that would place Abe on Friday (2nd parameter); the first parameter states that Abe\'92s day precedes William\'92s, making Friday an impossibility for Abe and, therefore, Wednesday impossible for John\'92s day.\
\
This proves that the only day left possible for John\'92s birthday is Monday. \
Abe\'92s birthday falls two days after on Wednesday. This only leaves Tuesday and Friday left for either George or William. The first parameter states that George is before Millard and William is after Abe, therefore we have George on Tuesday and William on Friday. \
\
Answer: Monday: John; Tuesday: George; Wednesday: Abe; Thursday: Millard; Friday: William}